----------General Info----------
Spring backend.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/73353008/how-to-integrate-angular-in-spring-boot-using-gradle

Configure gradle to first start spring and then angular frontend?

----------User Permissions----------
Create Node Tree to set permissions on directory or file level


Permissions can be set on Group or User Level

User always overwrites Group of specified

When a permission is defined on a folder and underneath it a different permission is set for another folder or file the lower one takes priority


----------Storage----------
File paths + permissions get stored in sqlite databases

Files and folder structures get stored inside whichever storage medium was defined, github, file system, remote server (sharepoint, etc.)



How do I store permissions?
Store all permutations

Pros:
    Fast Retrieval: Once the permissions are stored, they can be quickly retrieved. This approach is efficient for querying permissions, especially when a large number of files or folders are involved.
    Simpler Permission Management: The database directly reflects the permissions structure, making it easier to track and audit.
    No Need to Dynamically Compute Permissions: You don't have to calculate permissions on the fly every time you query the data.

Cons:
    Database Bloat: Storing all possible combinations of file/folder permissions can lead to a large number of rows in the permissions table, especially if there are many files and folders.
    Data Redundancy: If a permission applies to many files or folders, you could be storing the same permission multiple times, leading to redundancy.
    Updates Can Be Costly: When you change a permission for a folder or file, you might need to update many records, which can become inefficient if the number of affected files/folders is large.

Store only needed ones, gives me greater control..
Pros:
    Less Database Bloat: You only store permissions at the folder (or higher-level) level, meaning the database doesn't grow as fast.
    No Redundancy: You avoid having to store the same permission multiple times for each file in a folder.
    More Flexible: You can easily change or adjust the set of files/folders that a permission applies to without needing to update multiple records in the database.

Cons:
    Performance at Query Time: Determining permissions on the fly can be slower, especially if there are many files or folders to check. For example, when retrieving permissions for a user or group, you would need to:
        Retrieve all files/folders they have access to.
        Programmatically check the set of files or folders they should be granted access to.
    Complexity in Logic: You need more complex logic in your application code to handle permissions checking (e.g., retrieving all files in a folder and checking their individual permissions).











Create node tree for user permissions

Seperation between user groups and individual users a group takes less priority than a specific user permission

Each Path and or file can have their own permissions defined

